MAJOR re-haul to EngEd docs (#6403)
section-engineering-education/engineering-education: new_contributors/getting-started.md

### Welcome to the EngEd Program
First of all we would like to welcome you to the EngEd Program!

The Engineering Education Program at Section was created as a medium to provide students a friendly and inviting place to contribute to a real-world projects to help students better build up their professional portfolios and profiles (upon entering the DEV career space). 

> Our goal is to allow our EngEd community the opportunity to increase and build upon the skills they have to build the features/enhancements the community wants to see in the EngEd program. At the same time have a place where they can build us a career profile and portfolio that can be leveraged when entering the workforce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our goal is to allow our EngEd community the opportunity to increase and build upon the skills they have by allowing them to help build the features/enhancements the community members want to see in the EngEd program. At the same time have a place where they can build us a career profile and portfolio that can be leveraged when entering the workforce.
```
